# Content First 

## My name and it's consequences - also a bit about me
Hey, I'm Filip. I come from the city of Zlín, which is probably as far away from Prague as you can get within the borders of this country (also uncomfortably close to Slovakia). When I'm not busy explaining that I am not the world's most renowned lung destroyer and I actually have no ties to the tobacco industry I do my best to express myself through creating things. My attention span is attrocious and therefore I try to find as many ways to keep it in line as possible, which might be precisely the reason why I try to approach my work from as many angles as possible. I dabble in graphic design, some motion design, 3D, music, a tiny bit of animation and also photography. I find that all of these things can go hand in hand to not only make my work easier, but also more original.

## How I got my start with creating things
Back in 2013, there was barely a chance for a person to exist on the internet without wanting to become a YouTuber. All of those unnecesarilly glossy, barely recognizable logos that popped out on every single large channel seemed so cool at the time and I decided why not give it a shot. I started to find my way around Photoshop CS5 using YouTube tutorials and I started making designs based on whatever I found cool at the time. Some of the gems from those times included a very bad redesign for the logo of my dad's company and a few Doctor Who-themed wallpapers. The harddrive containing any evidence of these crimes thankfully broke a long time ago. I expected graphic design to be another one of my hobbies which would become uninteresting for me after about a month, if that happened I wouldn't be here and I am very glad it did not. I started getting better and the second software I attempted to conquer was Cinema 4D. I failed to make anything impressive at that time but it helped me to get my footing in 3D when I got back to trying it about 2 years ago. I decided to pick graphic design as one of my main subjects back when I attended high school and with that I locked it in as my career choice. A few years later I am here with a few cool project under my belt and I'm very excited to see what comes next.

## What I do for a living
I started off with making a few logos for my friends and friends of those friends, mostly for a payment of alcoholic beverages instead of actual money. That period lasted for about two years, after that I moved to Prague and started attending VŠKK. Suddenly I started getting actual job offers and after freelancing for sometime, I got the chance to work at DDB. I work for the For The Win department which specializes in advertising for videogames and e-sports. Throughout my time here I realized that videogames might be the way forward for me exactly for the reason I mentioned earlier - I try to do alot of things. Videogames are a complex medium and they're interesting to me in a similar way that a cool brand identity is interesting to me. They combine multiple disciplines into something coherent. I find videogames cool in the sense that they take this concept a step further. They do all the graphic design jazz but they also incorporate sound design, environment design and a plethora of other things. I haven't decided precisely on what I want to do yet and it would be crazy to do so, but videogames have definitely become one of my main interests. To such a degree that I decided to create a racing game as the subject of my bachelor's thesis.